feat: documentation of codemods (#19055)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/V12/overview.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Getting Started/V12" />

# V12

[Source code](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/tree/main/packages/upgrade/transforms)

{/* prettier-ignore-start */}

{/* START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update */}

{/* DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE */}

## Table of Contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Feature Flag Codemods](#feature-flag-codemods)
  * [Enable v12 tile default icons](#enable-v12-tile-default-icons)
  * [Enable v12 overflowmenu](#enable-v12-overflowmenu)
  * [Enable v12 tile radio icons](#enable-v12-tile-radio-icons)
  * [Enable v12 structured list visible icons](#enable-v12-structured-list-visible-icons)
* [Other V12 Codemods](#other-v12-codemods)
  * [Light to layer](#light-to-layer)
  * [Slug prop to Decorator prop](#slug-prop-to-decorato-prop)
  * [FeatureFlag deprecate flags prop](#featureflag-deprecate-flags-prop)
* [TypeScript Support](#typescript-support)

{/* END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update */}

{/* prettier-ignore-end */}

## Overview

> Carbon provides codemods to help you migrate to v12 or enable v12 feature flags. Codemods are automated transformations that update your codebase, reducing the manual effort required when adopting new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carbon provides codemods to help you adopt V12 features through feature flags in your current carbon version. Codemods are automated transformations that update your codebase, reducing the manual effort required when adopting new features
```
I feel this can currently cause confusion. Codemods themselves don't fully migrate the codebase from V11 to V12. Rather, they help with enabling V12 features via feature flags (which allows you to opt into breaking changes while remaining on V11) or updating specific patterns that changed in V12.
